Agentic AI: Document known error codes (#7174)
camunda/camunda-docs: docs/components/connectors/out-of-the-box-connectors/agentic-ai/aiagent/configuration/_error-codes-task.md

> The AI Agent Task emits the following error codes when generating the tools schema from the process definition XML:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The AI Agent Task generates the following error codes when creating the tool schema from the process definition XML:
```
